hello and welcome everyone to my very
happy that show came back in his new
episodes Ben 10 omniverse episode 21 if
i'm not mistaken i do believe episode 21
tgis which I do believe is thank God
it's saturday i'm guessing so the secret
saturdays are in this episode and I yeah
let's jump in so basically this whole
episodes about you know VV Argost who
was the main villain in the secret
saturdays show which i love a lot that's
one that's not all my favorite shows and
VV Argost come back to take over the
world and the feet i think is zak
saturday and what's also cool about that
dr. animo and VV are God's work together
and they're kind of like plan kind of
make sense it actually combined you know
like Vivi like we didn't notice cuz
obviously they didn't tie in at the time
so secret saturdays is with Ben 10
omniverse so maybe there'll be a new
show secret saturdays which i am hoping
so you know basically VV Argost sent
plans to dr. animo about his machine and
basically he huggin says he basically
gave him
is uh I guess I see basically gave him
the plans to bring him back to life and
he basically brought him back to life he
he has like a new form he's mixing but
Yeti dragging and also some other aliens
um and you know we also see that Ben is
he's like yo Zach your mom is hot to me
I like that you know so it is episode we
get some humor a lot of humor and um you
know the action the show was also fun
but overall I'm glad to show his back
you know v.v our guts gets the field of
course Ben rook and the other saturdays
they'll take a picture to get it
together at the end of the episode and
you know overall it's very good we get
feedback in this episode as well he his
suit is change is not all black and
white it's all black and green and yeah
that's this episode I love a lot i am a
huge benefit line number one show of all
time you know secret side is one of my
favorites so i hope they bring it back
but yeah i have to give this show a 9
out of 10 let me know how you got to
about this and peace